[EWS O365] Handle currupt email header (#32337)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftExchangeOnline/ReleaseNotes/1_2_38.md

#### Integrations

##### EWS O365

> - Fixed an issue where the fetch command have crashed when handling email attachments with an invalid header format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where fetching failed when email attachments had headers with an invalid format (`<[invalid_value]>` instead of `<valid_value>`), by removing the square brackets.
```

Author: Fixed.
